= SpeCuke

A simple helper command to run rspec or cucumber tests.

== Description

spe_cuke provides command `sc'.

This helps you to run spec/cuke test in various environments, such as bundler-ized?, --format-executable in .gemrc or so.

=== Example
The command below invokes

 sc --line 32 spec/foobar/foobar_spec.rb

when bundlized(Gemfile exists)

 bundle exec spec --color --fn spec/foobar/foobar_spec.rb:32

when not bundlized but --format-executable in .gemrc

 spec18 --color --fn spec/foobar/foobar_spec.rb:32

and has option to specify invoking via rake.

 sc -r --line 32 spec/foobar/foobar_spec.rb #=>
 bundle18 exec rake spec SPEC=spec/foobar/foobar_spec.rb:32

== Vim script

append below to your .vimrc or so.

 function s:SetupSpeCuke()
   command! RunTestFile exe '!sc ' . expand('%:p')
   command! RunTestCase exe '!sc --line ' . line('.') . ' ' . expand('%:p')

   nnoremap -tf :RunTestFile<CR>
   nnoremap -tc :RunTestCase<CR>
 endfunction

 au BufRead,BufNewFile *_spec.rb,*.feature call s:SetupSpeCuke()

Then

You type '-tf' in normal mode, invokes 'sc --line <current_line> <current_file>' and
test around current line's example/scenario.

You type '-tc' in normal mode, invokes 'sc <current_file>' and test current file.

== Planning features.

* spork support
* run spec from name-paired script (run spec/spe_cuke/environment_spec.rb from lib/spe_cuke/environment.rb)

== Installation

 gem install spe_cuke

== Acknowledgements

spe_cuke's development has been supported by Eiwa System Management,Inc.

== Copyright

Author::    MOROHASHI Kyosuke <moronatural@gmail.com>
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 MOROHASHI Kyosuke
License::   MIT

